// skins
skin_starter:Starter Outfit
skin_starter_description:Obtained by creating your character.

skin_dragon_warrior:Deemons Skin
skin_dragon_warrior_description:Custom Skin from DeemonRider

skin_royal_scout:Royal Scout
skin_royal_scout_description:Obtainable by ???

skin_island_scout:Island Scout
skin_island_scout_description:Obtainable by ???

skin_swamp_scout:Swamp Scout
skin_swamp_scout_description:Obtainable by ???

skin_eastern_scout:Eastern Scout
skin_eastern_scout_description:Obtainable by ???

skin_dune_scout:Dune Scout
skin_dune_scout_description:Obtainable by ???

skin_vale_scout:Vale Scout
skin_vale_scout_description:Obtainable by ???

skin_wanderer:Wanderer
skin_wanderer_description:Obtainable by ???

skin_fall_ranger:Fall Ranger
skin_fall_ranger_description:Obtainable by ???

skin_royal_general:Royal General
skin_royal_general_description:Obtainable by ???

skin_wise_general:Wise General
skin_wise_general_description:Obtainable by ???

skin_jade_general:Jade General
skin_jade_general_description:Obtainable by ???

skin_adamant_general:Adamant General
skin_adamant_general_description:Obtainable by ???

skin_heroic_general:Heroic General
skin_heroic_general_description:Obtainable by ???

skin_courageous_general:Courageous General
skin_courageous_general_description:Obtainable by ???

skin_commander:Commander
skin_commander_description:Obtainable by ???

skin_red_warrior:Red Warrior
skin_red_warrior_description:Obtainable by ???

skin_royal_assassin:Royal Assassin
skin_royal_assassin_description:Obtainable by ???

skin_brilliant_assassin:Brilliant Assassin
skin_brilliant_assassin_description:Obtainable by ???

skin_unseen_assassin:Unseen Assassin
skin_unseen_assassin_description:Obtainable by ???

skin_elegant_assassin:Elegant Assassin
skin_elegant_assassin_description:Obtainable by ???

skin_wealthy_assassin:Wealthy Assassin
skin_wealthy_assassin_description:Obtainable by ???

skin_bloody_assassin:Bloody Assassin
skin_bloody_assassin_description:Obtainable by ???

skin_blackguard:Blackguard
skin_blackguard_description:Obtainable by ???

skin_blue_rogue:Blue Rogue
skin_blue_rogue_description:Obtainable by ???

skin_royal_paladin:Royal Paladin
skin_royal_paladin_description:Obtainable by ???

skin_glowing_paladin:Glowing Paladin
skin_glowing_paladin_description:Obtainable by ???

skin_emerald_paladin:Emerald Paladin
skin_emerald_paladin_description:Obtainable by ???

skin_mystic_paladin:Mystic Paladin
skin_mystic_paladin_description:Obtainable by ???

skin_golden_paladin:Golden Paladin
skin_golden_paladin_description:Obtainable by ???

skin_crimson_paladin:Crimson Paladin
skin_crimson_paladin_description:Obtainable by ???

skin_noble_knight:Noble Knight
skin_noble_knight_description:Obtainable by ???

skin_red_knight:Red Knight
skin_red_knight_description:Obtainable by ???

skin_royal_grandmaster:Royal Grandmaster
skin_royal_grandmaster_description:Obtainable by ???

skin_academic_grandmaster:Academic Grandmaster
skin_academic_grandmaster_description:Obtainable by ???

skin_herbalistic_grandmaster:Herbalistic Grandmaster
skin_herbalistic_grandmaster_description:Obtainable by ???

skin_abyssal_grandmaster:Abyssal Grandmaster
skin_abyssal_grandmaster_description:Obtainable by ???

skin_shining_grandmaster:Shining Grandmaster
skin_shining_grandmaster_description:Obtainable by ???

skin_fiery_grandmaster:Fiery Grandmaster
skin_fiery_grandmaster_description:Obtainable by ???

skin_scholar:Scholar
skin_scholar_description:Obtainable by ???

skin_forest_mage:Forest Mage
skin_forest_mage_description:Obtainable by ???
