skin_starter:Einsteiger-Outfit
skin_starter_description:Erhaltet ihr durch die Erstellung eures Charakters.
skin_dragon_warrior:Haut der Dämonen
skin_dragon_warrior_description:Benutzerdefinierter Skin von DeemonRider
skin_royal_scout:Königlicher Pfadfinder
skin_royal_scout_description:Erhältlich bis???
skin_island_scout:Inselspäher
skin_island_scout_description:Erhältlich bis???
skin_swamp_scout:Sumpfspäher
skin_swamp_scout_description:Erhältlich bis???
skin_eastern_scout:Östlicher Scout
skin_eastern_scout_description:Erhältlich bis???
skin_dune_scout:Dünen-Scout
skin_dune_scout_description:Erhältlich bis???
skin_vale_scout:Scout Valley
skin_vale_scout_description:Erhältlich bis???
skin_wanderer:Wanderer
skin_wanderer_description:Erhältlich bis???
skin_fall_ranger:Herbst Ranger
skin_fall_ranger_description:Erhältlich bis???
skin_royal_general:Königlicher General
skin_royal_general_description:Erhältlich bis???
skin_wise_general:Kluger General
skin_wise_general_description:Erhältlich bis???
skin_jade_general:Jade: Allgemeines
skin_jade_general_description:Erhältlich bis???
skin_adamant_general:Unnachgiebiger General
skin_adamant_general_description:Erhältlich bis???
skin_heroic_general:Heroischer General
skin_heroic_general_description:Erhältlich bis???
skin_courageous_general:Mutiger General
skin_courageous_general_description:Erhältlich bis???
skin_commander:Kommandant
skin_commander_description:Erhältlich bis???
skin_red_warrior:Roter Krieger
skin_red_warrior_description:Erhältlich bis???
skin_royal_assassin:Königlicher Assassine
skin_royal_assassin_description:Erhältlich bis???
skin_brilliant_assassin:Genialer Assassine
skin_brilliant_assassin_description:Erhältlich bis???
skin_unseen_assassin:Unsichtbarer Attentäter
skin_unseen_assassin_description:Erhältlich bis???
skin_elegant_assassin:Eleganter Assassine
skin_elegant_assassin_description:Erhältlich bis???
skin_wealthy_assassin:Wohlhabender Attentäter
skin_wealthy_assassin_description:Erhältlich bis???
skin_bloody_assassin:Blutiger Attentäter
skin_bloody_assassin_description:Erhältlich bis???
skin_blackguard:Schwarze Garde
skin_blackguard_description:Erhältlich bis???
skin_blue_rogue:Blauer Schurke
skin_blue_rogue_description:Erhältlich bis???
skin_royal_paladin:Königlicher Paladin
skin_royal_paladin_description:Erhältlich bis???
skin_glowing_paladin:Glühender Paladin
skin_glowing_paladin_description:Erhältlich bis???
skin_emerald_paladin:Smaragdpaladin
skin_emerald_paladin_description:Erhältlich bis???
skin_mystic_paladin:Mystischer Paladin
skin_mystic_paladin_description:Erhältlich bis???
skin_golden_paladin:Goldener Paladin
skin_golden_paladin_description:Erhältlich bis???
skin_crimson_paladin:Purpurroter Paladin
skin_crimson_paladin_description:Erhältlich bis???
skin_noble_knight:Edler Ritter
skin_noble_knight_description:Erhältlich bis???
skin_red_knight:Roter Ritter
skin_red_knight_description:Erhältlich bis???
skin_royal_grandmaster:Königlicher Großmeister
skin_royal_grandmaster_description:Erhältlich bis???
skin_academic_grandmaster:Akademischer Großmeister
skin_academic_grandmaster_description:Erhältlich bis???
skin_herbalistic_grandmaster:Kräuterkundiger Großmeister
skin_herbalistic_grandmaster_description:Erhältlich bis???
skin_abyssal_grandmaster:Abgründiger Großmeister
skin_abyssal_grandmaster_description:Erhältlich bis???
skin_shining_grandmaster:Strahlender Großmeister
skin_shining_grandmaster_description:Erhältlich bis???
skin_fiery_grandmaster:Feuriger Großmeister
skin_fiery_grandmaster_description:Erhältlich bis???
skin_scholar:Gelehrter
skin_scholar_description:Erhältlich bis???
skin_forest_mage:Waldmagier
skin_forest_mage_description:Erhältlich bis???