skin_starter:Tenue de démarrage
skin_starter_description:Obtenu en créant votre personnage.
skin_dragon_warrior:Peau de démon
skin_dragon_warrior_description:Skin personnalisé de DeemonRider
skin_royal_scout:Scout royal
skin_royal_scout_description:Obtenable par???
skin_island_scout:Island Scout
skin_island_scout_description:Obtenable par???
skin_swamp_scout:Scout des marais
skin_swamp_scout_description:Obtenable par???
skin_eastern_scout:Eastern Scout
skin_eastern_scout_description:Obtenable par???
skin_dune_scout:Dune Scout
skin_dune_scout_description:Obtenable par???
skin_vale_scout:Vallée Scout
skin_vale_scout_description:Obtenable par???
skin_wanderer:Vagabond
skin_wanderer_description:Obtenable par???
skin_fall_ranger:Fall Ranger
skin_fall_ranger_description:Obtenable par???
skin_royal_general:Général royal
skin_royal_general_description:Obtenable par???
skin_wise_general:Sage général
skin_wise_general_description:Obtenable par???
skin_jade_general:Général Jade
skin_jade_general_description:Obtenable par???
skin_adamant_general:Général catégorique
skin_adamant_general_description:Obtenable par???
skin_heroic_general:Général héroïque
skin_heroic_general_description:Obtenable par???
skin_courageous_general:Général courageux
skin_courageous_general_description:Obtenable par???
skin_commander:Commandant
skin_commander_description:Obtenable par???
skin_red_warrior:Guerrier rouge
skin_red_warrior_description:Obtenable par???
skin_royal_assassin:Assassin royal
skin_royal_assassin_description:Obtenable par???
skin_brilliant_assassin:Assassin brillant
skin_brilliant_assassin_description:Obtenable par???
skin_unseen_assassin:Assassin invisible
skin_unseen_assassin_description:Obtenable par???
skin_elegant_assassin:Assassin élégant
skin_elegant_assassin_description:Obtenable par???
skin_wealthy_assassin:Assassin riche
skin_wealthy_assassin_description:Obtenable par???
skin_bloody_assassin:Assassin sanglant
skin_bloody_assassin_description:Obtenable par???
skin_blackguard:Garde noire
skin_blackguard_description:Obtenable par???
skin_blue_rogue:Rogue bleu
skin_blue_rogue_description:Obtenable par???
skin_royal_paladin:Paladin royal
skin_royal_paladin_description:Obtenable par???
skin_glowing_paladin:Paladin lumineux
skin_glowing_paladin_description:Obtenable par???
skin_emerald_paladin:Paladin d'émeraude
skin_emerald_paladin_description:Obtenable par???
skin_mystic_paladin:Paladin mystique
skin_mystic_paladin_description:Obtenable par???
skin_golden_paladin:Paladin doré
skin_golden_paladin_description:Obtenable par???
skin_crimson_paladin:Paladin pourpre
skin_crimson_paladin_description:Obtenable par???
skin_noble_knight:Chevalier noble
skin_noble_knight_description:Obtenable par???
skin_red_knight:Chevalier rouge
skin_red_knight_description:Obtenable par???
skin_royal_grandmaster:Grand maître royal
skin_royal_grandmaster_description:Obtenable par???
skin_academic_grandmaster:Grand maître académique
skin_academic_grandmaster_description:Obtenable par???
skin_herbalistic_grandmaster:Grand maître herboriste
skin_herbalistic_grandmaster_description:Obtenable par???
skin_abyssal_grandmaster:Grand Maître Abyssal
skin_abyssal_grandmaster_description:Obtenable par???
skin_shining_grandmaster:Grand Maître brillant
skin_shining_grandmaster_description:Obtenable par???
skin_fiery_grandmaster:Grand Maître fougueux
skin_fiery_grandmaster_description:Obtenable par???
skin_scholar:Érudit
skin_scholar_description:Obtenable par???
skin_forest_mage:Mage de la forêt
skin_forest_mage_description:Obtenable par???